>> Brian Holt: Let's do
the back arrow at the end.
So let's go ahead and
go do the math symbols.
>> Brian Holt: So we could do this
in terms of if, else if, else if,
else if, right?
And that's totally fine if
you want to do it that way.
I'm going to show you a little
bit different way of doing that.
If you have like a bunch else ifs all in
one thing, you can do something called
a switch statement,
which are not super common in JavaScript.
But it's probably worth knowing for you.
So instead of doing this,
I'm going to do something called switch.
And I'm gonna switch on the value, okay?
>> Brian Holt: And then you're just
gonna give this a bunch of cases, so
you're gonna say, hey,
if value is this, do this.
If it's this, do this.
And you're just switching
based on what value is.
So the first thing I'm gonna put
here is case 'C', like that.
And then I'm just gonna move
what I had in here up into that.
>> Brian Holt: It's gonna
look something like that.
>> Brian Holt: So switch and
then you have curly braces here, right,
that delimit what the switch statement is.
And then you're going to
give it a bunch of cases.
So you're gonna say case,
then whatever that case is.
So in this case, if value is === C or
not value, symbol,
rather, if some symbol is === C, then
go into this block and do these things.
Now a very key thing here is you
need line 28 here which is break.
Break says,
I'm done with my switch statement now.
If you don't have the break there it's
gonna go into the next block of things.
I'll show you a little bit more
concretely what that means in a second.
But suffice it to say,
at the end of every case you need a break.
>> Brian Holt: Next one we're
gonna do here, is we're gonna do,
let's just do addition, okay?
So I don't wanna to do
all the math thing here.
So I'm gonna make another
function here called, handleMath.
And I'm just gonna pass symbol into that.
And then after that, again,
I'm going to call break.
>> Brian Holt: I haven't
written handleMath yet,
we're about to write handleMath.
So here, if I don't have the break,
once this is done,
let's just assume that I
don't have break here.
It's just going to run into the next
body there if I don't put break.
So that's why it's important to do that.
Now that seems inconvenient.
You might be thinking why did they
design the language that way?
One, good question, but two,
there actually is a good reason for it.
The nice thing about them designing the
language this way is I can make a bunch of
cases the same thing.
So I can say case '-'
case &times, right?
Case, what was it?
&divide, is that what it was?
We should look.
>> Speaker 2: Yes.
>> Brian Holt: Cool.
>> Speaker 3: We can use the ampersand
in our HTML for everything.
We would want to put that in
instead of a plus and minus, right?
>> Brian Holt: I think so.
We should triple check
that because in my code,
I just have the actual symbols there,
so let's figure that out.
Yes, good question.
But this is nice though, right?
We can put all the cases there for
all those various different things and
it all will be handled here.
So let's go and
we can delete this now because we
rewrote it in a switch statement.
So I would say switch statements are not
terribly common, but it's worth knowing.
In this particular case,
it is useful because that symbol
can be one of many, right?
And so you have many cases
that we need to handle.
And if we write a bunch of else ifs
it just kinda gets verbose, right?
This is a little bit more succinct,
in my opinion.